^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
35 commits an hour? That's pathetic!
Ah, we have another talker in the house.
Alas.
All I ever wanted was a hobby. If this pathetic slob doesn't like our hobby, they should stop relying on it.
All the many eyes are apparently attached to a lot of hands that type lots of words about many eyes, and never actually audit code.
altq's parser sucks dead whale farts through the finest chemistry pipette's
Amazing.
Amazing isn't it?
am i making all this up? perhaps i am, but you don't have to dream my dreams.
And now let's ask the question which matters.
And that is why humppa sucks... cause it has no cause.
And then we move on?
And what is your solution?
And who are you, and what you have you done to test and then prove your thesis?
ANSWER THE QUESTION.
Any day now, when we sell out.
Anyways, who cares.
Anyways, your timing is atrocious!
Are you a troll?
Are you going to do something -- beyond just being sarcastic?
Are you kidding? Who does that help? Who?
Are you saying OpenBSD does it wrong, or that all the operating systems do it wrong?
As developers we make decisions which we believe serve our users the best.
Autoinstall does not handle this type of problem either.
avoid using abort().  it is not nice.
backwards compatibility is king, and will remain king, until 2038.
Balony.
basically, dung beetles fucking.  that's what kerberosV + openssl is like
Basically what you submitted was not a bug report.
Beautiful.
Be realistic.
Better question is: Why?
Bullshit.
But I think it is clear you aren't a programmer, and this is over your head.
But software which OpenBSD uses and redistributes must be free to all (be they people or companies), for any purpose they wish to use it, including modification, use, peeing on, or even integration into baby mulching machines or atomic bombs to be dropped on Australia.
Buttons are for idiots.
But you decided you are special, and don't want us to help us help you.
Bye bye.
cache aliasing is a problem that would have stopped in 1992 if someone had killed about 5 people who worked at Sun.
Can I ask what kind of plant are you?
can you not read the prompt?
Can you please leave?
Can you please stop acting as if you are smarter than us?  I am sorry to say it, but we have thought this through for many hours by the time you show up to "play system designer".
Chill dude.
c++ is a pile of crap.
Come on guys.  Don't have me OK this.
Come on.  Read it carefully.
Come on.. stop making assumptions.
Complaint forms are handled in another department.
Didn't you read the manual page?
Did they pay you to write all that text?
Did you think of that?
Does it help anything?  No.
doing it with environment variables is OH SO SYSTEM FIVE LIKE OH MY GOD PASS ME THE SPOON
Do not submit a new bug report.
Don't be fooled.
Don't be ridiculous.
Don't like it?  Then walk away.
Don't spread rumours about me being gentle.
Don't tell anybody I said that.
don't they recognize their moral responsibility to entertain me?
Don't waste your money on a false ideal by someone who misunderstands modern hardware and the market forces.
Don't worry.
Don't worry.  Most of us see your name and at that moment delete the mail.  This reply is an exception.
Do you get it?  I doubt it.
Do you think we care?
Enjoy your windmill tilting.
Except you are wrong.
feature requests come from idiots
Fine software takes time to prepare.  Give a little slack.
First user who tries to push this button, he pounds into the ground with a rant of death.
For contributions to the OpenBSD Project, I make the decision of how to spend it.
for once, I have nothing to say.
Frankly, I think you are a whiner.
From time to time, mistakes sneak in.
FULL STOP.
Fundamentally, OpenBSD is a research project.
Geez, you're not listening
Get back onto your meds.
Get over it.
Get real.
Go a few cycles.
God bless the people who employ you, they need the blessing.
God god, do you live in some stupid fantasy world?
Good luck!
Good luck.
Go read the source code some time.
Great.
Great conversation...
Guess you don't understand internet.
Hahahahaha.  That's a good one.
Ha ha.  I watch other projects.
Handholding can go only so far.
Hardly surprising. Apple. They build crap and make you pay extra.
Have I ever been subtle? If my approach ever becomes subtle, shoot me.
Have you considered trying to live 100% without our software?
Have you thought this through, at all?
henning and darren / sitting in a tree / t o k i n g / a joint or three
Hey look everyone, it's another uneducated user mouthing off on a noisy mailing list.  He goes blah blah blah, loving the sound of his own noise.
Hey, stick a screw driver into your ear.
Highly unlikely.
Hilarious.
Holy cow, you are dense.
Holy verbose prom startup Batman.
How dreary.
Huh?  You've understood incorrectly.
i am a packet sniffing fool, let me wipe my face with my own poo
I am continually baffled by how often we have to explain this point, over and over and over again.
I am going to make a guess here.
I am just plain fed up with the bullshit you cowards spew.
I am just stating a fact
I am not being sarcastic.  I truly am sick of having my time wasted.
I am not directing you.
I am not playing any games.  Let's look at the facts.
I am not reading your mails again.
I am simply astounded at some of the things people keep repeating. I don't mean this applies to everyone, but is there a high quantity of attention deficit disorder in our user community? Or retards? Or is it just the same old trolling? OpenBSD does not incorporate non-free software.
I am so bloody dissapointed in the community that uses our stuff.
I am very easy to get along with, but I don't have time to waste being nice to people who are being stupid.
I believe you deserve to stop running the software.
I completely doubt that.
I could not give a rats ass what you say.
I could search... but I'm a lazy bum ;)
I decided to make a guess as to the region you are from.
idler!
I do not agree with your assessment.
I don't believe you.  You suggested it because you only thought of your own benefit, not of the amount of work others would have to do.
I don't care.
I don't give a shit.
I don't know for certain, but I believe you are just making things up as you go along, because you are nothing but a troll.
I don't know if the Internet's safe yet.
I don't know who you are, but you do nothing.  What do you do?
I don't know why our mailing lists are always full of people who don't even understand what they are talking about.
I don't know you, maybe I am misinterpreting you.
I don't like control
I don't see any humility.
I don't see any problem.
I don't see the point.
I don't see your name on any the source code. So you shut up, loser.  Just go away.
I don't understand society is producing a generation of people incapable of self-help.
I'd put a fan on my bomb.. And blinking lights...
I explained that.
If as a general rule we all want better code running on our systems, where do you fit in?
#ifdef is for emacs developers.
If municipal water filtering equipment was built by the gcc developers, the western world would be dead by now.
If people keep adding such huge stuff, soon mg will be bigger than emacs.
If some of you people keep insisting on having backwards compatibitity with the stone age, we'll have stone tools forever.
If that workaround was the right thing to do, it would be the default.
if they cut you out, muddy their back yards
If you are just grandstanding, please stop.
If you are not careful, why should we be?
if you assign that responsibility to non-hikers I will walk over and cripple you now.
If you believe strongly in this idea, you should take an entire operating system base and prove the case.
If you can't study the world around you, you will remain ignorant.
If you don't like it, run something else.
If you expected any of us to reply as if we are contractors or your employees, you came to the wrong place.
If you have endured a real bug for a long time, and not filed a bug report to have it fixed.. and then feel it is your right to scold people who attempt to explain the bug, then quite frankly, then YOU TOTALLY SUCK.
If you have so many ideas you should go ahead and start your own project.  Good luck building a successfull project based on 'ideas'.
If you start your own successfull project, you also can develop your own set of reasons for doing any of a variety of operational things at any point in time.
If you want it done, do it yourself.
If you want the answers you are looking for, do the work yourself.
I have a hard time believing you.
I haven't even read this.
I have seen nothing I would qualify as a "bug report".
I heard.
I hope that one day due process is denied you.
I'll ask in a general fashion: Are you stupid?
I love this conversation.
I love to fight
Imagine you told us a lot about your life, and we gave you advice.
I'm getting ready to declare you a kook
I'm just trying to improve the code...
I'm making fun of you.
I'm not even going to read to the end.
I'm not just doing this for crowd response. I need to be right.
I'm not very reliable
Improvements come when people try to push forward along the curve.
i'm trying to stay out of politics.
Incorrect.
industry told us a lesson: when you're an asshole, they mail you hardware
In general, you underestimate the effort involved.
In short, you are socially inept unappreciative asshole.
In summary -- the entire effort is a complete load of crap.
In that situation, you would probably want to be left in piece.
In the interests of full disclosure, do you work for the government or sell to the government?
In the modern world of search engines, this question lands at the same level as trolling.
In your dreams..
In your dreams.
in your world, you would have a checklist of 50 fucking workarounds just to make a coffee.
i ojbect two yoru splelng of achlhlocis.
I quite dislike the direction this is going.
I rather doubt it.
I really don't give a shit what you admire or not. 
I really love how we keep getting advice.
I see other projects falling into this problem all the time.  It is awesome.
I should probably ask -- did you even read the panic?  Is the wording too poor to understand (and thus result in peeking at the code) or is the problem above the keyboard?
Is that an accusation?
I still think you are a loser.
I suspect money which goes into your bank account comes from an entity not quite on the same side as us.
It'd be one fucking happy planet if it wasn't for what's under this fucking sticker.
It didn't work out for Don Quixote either.
It ends badly.
I think this is a trap.
I think this will cause further damage.
I think you are on your own.
I think your computer science teachers are still teaching you from books written in the 80's, when the word "micro-kernel" was associated with a future utopia.
It is an obvious mechanism.
It is clear that this has not been thought through.
It is clear you don't understand the code that was commited.
It is crap.
It is disgraceful to see what type of code being written these days.
It is in the FAQ.
It is pretty clear you are a troll.
It is really amazing that so many people prefer to remain blissfully unaware.
It is theoretically possible to give a loaded gun to a baby; things will probably work out fine.
It is what it is. Work with it.
It must be easy to sit in your chair and demand that others meet your expectations.
It's a pity you don't go jump in a lake and drown yourself.
It's a pleasure to work on code you can't make worse.
It's largely bad style to do (int)sizeof
It's so simple.  Why didn't I think of it.
I've think you've had your say.
I want a new vax, one that's not so slow.
I was joking, really.  I think I am funny :-)
I was quite unhappy when this "solution" was proposed initially, since solutions of that sort often lead to no true solution down the road.
i was up at 9am, climbed a mountain, hiked 6 km through 4ft deep slush (the image you are supposed to get is of 12 million overturned slurpee cups, and of geting your groin wet in slurpee), nearly died eating beef vindaloo, wrote some code, talked on the phone, wrote mail, and now it's almost 4am and this is absolutely beyond ridiculous.
I won't look further since you have a history of not listening.
I would explain, but I am too drunk.
I would like to see some proof of that.
I would rather run Windows than use vi.
Just give it up and get lost.
Just pathetic.  Hope you actually get a life sometime.
kettenis supported a new machine in my basement and all I got to do was fix a 1 character typo in his html page commit.
KICK ASS. TIME FOR A JASON LOVE IN!  WE CAN ALL GET LOST IN HIS HAIR!
Kill the past with fire, and declare Duran Duran is less cool today.  Await remixes of the same thing performed by new talent.
Lacking a terse starting point, soon we have users who don't know where to start.
lazy bum!
Lazy bums slacking on your asses.
Learn your tools.  From hammers to saws to cars to operating systems, it is all the same.
Let idiots suffer on their own.
Let me be blunt. Your advice is bad.
Let's follow that thought.
Let's keep it simple.  Why don't you just go away, and stop acting the fool?
Linux is fucking POO, not just bad, bad REALLY REALLY BAD
Listen to yourself, proud of the complex words you found in a dictionary.
Look, stop being a child.
Look there is a disconnect.
Look, this is rather simple.
Look, you'll be fine.
Make more commits.
make of it what you will.
Make them want to start over, and play nice the next time.
Many well known people become net-kooks in their later life, because they lose touch with reality.
Maybe.
Most people are not capable of writing good patches, so it would be unprofessional to ask such people to write patches.
My cats are more observant than you.
my integer overflow spidey senses are tingling.
My mailbox is full of shock.
Never expect a group to perform a task which an individual won't.
nfs loves everyone
No.
No, I am advocating that you TAKE CARE OF YOUR OWN PROBLEMS YOURSELF.
None of that matters here.
No, no no no no.
Noone deserves anything from us.  People get good things, and they are happy.  The developers in this project do the best they can writing innovative software, and will not accept preaching from pompous self-entitled American pricks like you.
Nope!
Nope.
No, please, don't explain.
No really, precisely why do you trust us?
No sane people allowed here.  Go home.
No, the original answer here is the right one.
Nothing ever changes, noone ever learns, noone cares.
Now, again, please leave.
No way.
NO WAY!
Now you plainly don't sound like a developer type.
No.  You have it wrong.  Go back to reading school.
No.  You misread the code.
No.  You must be at least this tall to use OpenBSD; sorry -- you are a midget.
Oh, but linux people told you it was the best.  I get it.
Oh come on, admit it, you are wrong.
Oh cut the crap.
Oh good god.
Oh good grief, grow up.
Oh just shut up.
Oh my god, the tears!  Look at his tears!
Oh now I sense some angst.
Oh really.
Oh sorry, I forgot to think like an American for a second there.
Oh yeah, that's a great idea!
Oh, you're not going to do it?  Oh you can't do it?
One word can change the meaning of a sentence.  You failed at what you intended, and you also confused people.
OpenBSD is not generally known as an exposed democracy.
optimism in man kind does not belong here
our kernels have no bugs
penguins are not much more than chickens that swim.
People like you...
Perhaps.
Perhaps we made mistakes.  Perhaps they'll be changed. But you are just spouting bullshit.
Perhaps you should get a good delicing. 
PHP is not part of OpenBSD.
Please don't.
Please leave immediately.
Please, not again.
Please people, ignore him.
Please people stop mailing me privately and asking.
Please read the actual code.
Please run something else.  You'll be happier.  Really.
Please state your case very carefully and clearly.
Pulease...
Quite frankly, SSE's alignment requirement is the most utterly retarded idea since eating your own shit.
Reactive is not the same as proactive.
Read what it says.
Really.  How interesting.
Ridiculous.
Right now, you are not talking facts.
Riiiiiiiiight. Suuuuuuuure. Keep believing that.
Scaling isn't really our concern; I barely know what the word means. There is one group of people who we do know scales. Whiners. They scale really well.
screw this operating system shit, i just want to drive!
Search for fuck.  Anytime you see that word, you have a paragraph to write.
See how bad things start to happen?
Shame on you.
shame on you for following my rules.
Shit should not be shared.
shrug
Shrug.
Sigh.
Since I value my sanity, I saw that report, and I ignored it.
Since you don't supply diffs, you are a waste of skin.
Since your PR contains absolutely zero information about your machine I am sending you back to kindergarden.  Because you totally suck.
slackass!
slacker!
slacker slacker lazy bum bum bum slacker!
So easy to be critical.
So glad to have the expert speak.
So learn to type correctly.
Some days I want to just quit and say fuck it all.
Someone is totally full of shit.
So read what I said again.
Sorry.
Sorry, but I have lost all appetite to help you.
Sorry, but it's the truth.
Sorry, but you are wrong.
So that is the reason why my car stereo has two sets of volume control knobs..... with the second set located inside the engine compartment, so I have to stop at the side of the road, pop open the hood, and reach down along the hot engine to near where the oil filter is.
So this is a great way to lose focus.
So you presume.
sshutup sshithead, ssharpsshooting susshi sshplats ssharking assholes.
Standing alone, "compatibility with FOO" is not a very strong argument.  What next, "compatibility with Xenix and Windows"?
Stop slacking you lazy bum!
Stop spreading lies.
Stop thinking of only yourself.
Stop wasting your time reading people's licenses.
style(9) has all these fascist rules, and i have a problem with some of them because i didn't come up with them
Such an American viewpoint.
Such hyperbole!  Such drama!
Such strong words.
Take that for what it is.
Tell linus.  You can google for his email address. 
Thanks for including all the information in the report.
Thanks for telling me do so some reading, but a google of your name on these mailing lists will show a 10 year pattern of you not being able to self-help.  Something to do with your parents, probably.
thanks for the lesson in logic.
Thank you for adding the value of your words.
THANK YOU FOR THE CLARITY.
That feels like a disservice to the world.
That is an interesting claim.
That is a simplistic viewpoint held by your simplistic mind.
That is a very dangerous direction.
That is balony.
That is not our problem.
That is not true.
That is quite a fiction.
That's a great idea.
That's a lot of words.
That's because you have been slacking.
That's not going to happen.
That's the most ridiculous thing I've heard in the last two or three minutes!
That's the process.
That's what happens when you're lazy.
the acpi stabs you in the back.  the acpi stabs you in the back. you die ...
The best part is that noone cares about that.
The comedy just never ends.
The complaint department is down the hall.
the default configuration is a mixture of piss, puke, shit, and bloody entrails.
the kernel is a harsh mistress
the multiplicative effects are far too serious.
The nastiest behaviour is "sense of entitlement".
Then I guess you are just stupid.
The NTP codebase is larger than the SSH codebase.
The only person who did something useful, is the author of the software.
The people who write code get to decide how they document it.
The point is that you are a crybaby.
The problem is you don't pay it backwards.  You don't pay it forward. You don't pay at all.  You just beg.
the randomization in this entire codebase is a grand experiment in stupid
there are fingers to point all the way around.
There are people who do that.
There is a user community, and a development community.
there is bullshit coming out of your mouth.
There is no point in testing a diff which is wrong.
There's research and there is the real world.
The rest of what you are yapping about does not matter.
The rest of your new email is bullshit, too.
These programs are all bad.
They are simplistic retards, not because they choose to be, but because their paychecks tell them to be so.
Thing is, you won't get help here.
Things change.  Learn to cope.
This approach is simplestic and wrong.
this change comes down to: This year, next year, 5 years from now, 10 years from now, or Oh fuck.
This is an error in the manual page.
This is idle chatter hoping someone supplies some secret sauce that makes a disparate audience with different demands all happy.
This is not a conversation about your IPv6 connection.
This is the beer. And that's why we need a hackathon.
This is total balony.
Those who don't understand Unix are condemned to reinvent Multics in a browser
To me it sounds like you are used to paying a lot, and now you expect the same from us, who you don't pay at all.  That is a rude approach.
Too bad. You can use other software.
Totall irrelevant.
Totally false.
Totally wrong there.
tweep tweep tweep
Uhm, that's a pretty weak argument.
Unfortunate.
Unlikely.
User is using a heavily tuned kernel and refuses to listen to advice about de-tuning all those things; as a result, noone can help him.
Vegetarian my ass
Violates POSIX and C89, which violate best practice in this century.
Wait a minute, that's a McNally's!
Wait and see.
Was that neccessary?
wavelan is a battle field
We are not believers in buttons.  Knobs are for knobs.
We are not hackers. We are turd polishing craftsmen.
We couldn't care what you believe, unless you have diffs of your own to submit.
we did farts.  now we do sperm.  we are cutting edge.
We have two kinds of developers - those that deal with their own shit and those that deal with other people's shit.
Welcome to the real world.
Well...
We'll be waiting for your fix then.
We never said our code should be trusted.
We rarely hear about success, because those people are just happy.
We really are not interested in the story of your life.
We try our best to make it the best.  Do you try your best to help us?  I doubt it.  So we try the best we can without people like you helping us.
We won't commit it.
What a dismal world view.
What a joke.
What a load of bullshit.
What a waste of words.
whatever.
Whatever you did does not do what you think it does.  In fact, I bet it is doing exactly the opposite of what you think it does.
Whatever you're doing, it is wrong.
What happened is that you thought it was time to say something useless, which adds no value to the conversation.
What is your solution?
What problem are you trying to solve?
What you just said was utterly careless.
What you suggest is absolute rubbish. It is just talk -- not action -- but furthermore you don't have a clue what you are talking about.
When I see Makefile.in, I know that "in" is short for "insane".
Where did my "fuck backwards compat" compatriots go?
Whiners.  They scale really well.
who cares.  style(9) can bite my ass
Who do you work for?  Governments?
who said that?
Who's the child now?
Why???
Why?
why are you asking me?
Why are you guys so fork paranoid? Do you want everyone to vote for the same political party, too?
Why don't you figure that out.
Why haven't you left? Please leave.
Why hold people who you don't pay to a higher standard than the people who you do pay?
With your attitude, I beg you to please go run some other operating system.
Wow.   Dream on.  It is a mess of firmware.  You know nothing of our history?
Wow, don't know where you got that from.
Wow. No.
Wow, really thick skull you got there.
Wow, so many crazy suggstions.
Wow, what chatter.
Wow. What hostility.
Wow, what's that got to do with anything?
Wow, your process stinks.
Wow.  You sure do set the bar low.
Wow, you sure like to make presumptions.
Write more code.
Wrong.
Yes, but the ports people are into S&M.
Yes, we should build a survey.  And a wiki.  It would be awesome. We'd get rich.
Yes you are wrong, and damn infuriating too.
You accept how we do it, and you will shut up, or less service will be provided in the future.
You already have a prompt that asks you that question.
You are absolutely deluded, if not stupid, if you think that a worldwide collection of software engineers who can't write operating systems or applications without security holes, can then turn around and suddenly write virtualization layers without security holes.
You are a prick.
You are astoundingly naive.  We simply don't need the grief of entertaining users like you.
You are a whiny snively jerk, and every time you open your mouth I go work on something else.
You are completely missing the point.
You are in a maze of gpio pins, all alike, all undocumented, and a few are wired to bombs.
You are just a whiny boy who pisses on people who spent 2 years writing the code.
You are killing us with hyperbole.  It is now hard to take anything you say seriously.
You are making up rules as you go along.  Why don't you go read the code?
You are missing the point.  Your bug report is huge, but we have no idea what went wrong.
You are not listening.
You aren't being conservative -- you are trying to be a caveman.
You aren't even trying.  PLONK.
You aren't going to do shit because you don't have any skills.
You are out of touch.
You are quite a character.
You are showing that you can't do any research at all, but want to throw ideas out.
You are speaking like a child.
You are spreading misinformation.
You are the type of people who create these situations.
You are using FreeBSD, aren't you.
You are very confused.
You are wrong.
You better get back to class; your potty break is over.
you bring new meaning to the terms slackass. I will have to invent a new term.
You can call it fart if you want to.
You can decide what you do with your time, but you cannot decide what other people do with theirs.
You can figure out what I'm not saying on this line.
You clearly cannot read.
you could try "make me sandwitch" and have the same effect.
You'd be safer using Windows than the code which was just deleted.
You did not create these mailing lists, so you can take your opinions about why these lists were created and shove them up your ass.
You don't know what you are talking about, and you don't seem to have the ability to wrap your mind around all the parts that are involved.
You don't listen well either.
You don't provide any encouragement except for "me me!  think of me!".
You enabled things which are disabled for a good reason.
You guys just are not thinking.
You had me going for a moment.
You have an agenda.
You have it entirely backwards.
You have no idea how fucked we are
You have no right to speak.
You have offered nothing.
You have this very wrong.
you have to stop peeing on your breakfast
You just like listening to yourself talk.  Shut up.
You just plain don't understand the problem.
You know better.
You know, you have an option available to you regarding this. You could come to the conclusion that you are not entitled and stop posting, and it will work out better in the long term. I did not read anything more you said.
You'll experience anguish, and then if you try to ask for sympathy a lot of people will laugh at you.
You'll never be a developer, so who cares?
You made a decision to keep running code that old, and thus you are on your own.  You won't spend time figuring out which one of our changes over 2 years might fix the problem you are having, and we won't either.
You missed the point.
you must know, i want no part in any politics.
You must not be reading the same code I am.
You need to learn how to listen.
You need to read more carefully.
You obviously have zero experience.
You overstate your worth.
You persist in reading too much into things.
You probably rape children in your spare time, and here you are, yelling at us for violating your perceived entitlement.
Your approach is wrong.
Your attitude is not very nice.
Your attitude stinks.  Good luck with life.
Your code is completely wrong.
You realize that you are going to run into thousands of other problems as a result of that practice?
You really need to write a single comprehensive bug report that has no inconsistancies.
You're kidding.
You're not allowed to have an opinion.
Your grief would seem more sincere if didn't look like a shopping list.
Your hopes are misplaced.
Your lack of any attempt to educate yourself is your problem.
Your process seems to be "I don't understand the problem, so here is a diff"
Your request is ridiculous.
Your sense of self-importance just makes other people not even want to try.
Your usage case is "Give me a button to push".
You seem to have a rather over-extented sense of entitlement
you slackers don't deserve pictures yet
You've got access to all this source code.
You've got it all wrong.
You've got to be kidding me.
You've had your say.
You've missed the point.
